Full Job Description

python django 2 hours per day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTmQOjsl0eg


command line tools:

pip install django

django-admin --version
mkdir djangoprojects
cd djangoprojects
django-admin startproject djangoproject01
cd djangoproject01
python manage.py runserver
Starting development server at http://127.0.0.1:8000/


Remote Python Developer - job post
Scopic
Rutland, MA 01543•Remote
Full-time

https://scopicsoftware.com/



Marketing and Software Development for the Future!

“Build it and they will come” just doesn’t cut it anymore. To reach the right people at the right time with the right product requires a software development and digital marketing company with experience.
Software Development

Visually engaging software solutions for any industry, designed to solve business challenges and revolutionize the market.

Custom Web Development Services

Specialized web apps, websites, and responsive design

Mobile App Development Services

Native mobile development, scalable cloud backends, cross platform mobile app development services, high-quality graphics, and animation

Desktop Application Development Services

Cross-platform applications for Windows, Mac, and Linux, and Javascript-based desktop applications
Marketing

Disruptive digital marketing strategies to skyrocket your brand’s visibility and build meaningful relationships with your future customers.
As a full service digital marketing agency, we implement Disruptive digital marketing strategies to skyrocket your brand’s visibility and build meaningful relationships with your future customers.

Digital Marketing Services

Strategic marketing and research, Search Engine Optimization, PPC, copywriting, social media, email marketing, and, content and video marketing

UI UX Design Services

UX, UI, web app, desktop software, cross-platform and mobile-friendly design for both Android and iOS

Consulting Services

Strategic consultation for software development and digital marketing.






Remote Python Developer
Anywhere
Full-time
Allows Remote

Are you on the hunt for exciting new challenges that boost your professional growth? If you’re an innovator by nature and a Python Developer by trade, we’d love to hear from you! Read on to see if you’d be a good fit for the Scopic team of 250+ professionals from over 40 countries.

At Scopic, the virtual world is our home so this is a full-time remote position. Only apply if you’re prepared for the zero-hour commute and the thought of collaborating with colleagues from around the globe excites you!

The skills and traits we’re looking for:

    2+ years of professional software development experience
    Strong Python programming skills
    Expertise in Django or similar framework (e.g. Flask)
    JavaScript programming skills, including at least one JavaScript framework (e.g. React, Angular, or Vue.js)
    Database skills including schemas and ORMs
    General programming best practices, including proper use of Git


Other Requirements:

    Good written and spoken English
    Bachelor's degree or higher
    Stable internet connection and home computer
    Dedication and discipline to work remotely


The secret ingredients that make us special:

    Your growth is our growth. We invest in your future with paid training and other professional opportunities.
    We’re industry innovators at the forefront of change. Equipped with the latest technologies and a team of knowledgeable colleagues by your side, you’ll embrace new and interesting challenges.
    Your location. Your schedule — Pick your time-zone, choose your preferred hours, and work from the place where you feel most at home.
    Flexibility and freedom are in our DNA! As long as you have a stable internet connection and the drive to thrive, you can travel and work from anywhere you like.
    A workload you can rely on. We’ll set you enough tasks to keep that mind busy! At Scopic, we’ll ensure you always have a consistent flow of engaging, challenging work to do.
    Recognition and reward. We acknowledge diligence and hard work through annual pay increases for good performance.


Down to business!

    Your starting salary is negotiable depending on your skills and experience.
    This is an hourly paid position.
    Employees are paid monthly via wire transfer.


Our values:
Scopic is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, marital status, national origin, gender, veteran status, sexual orientation, age, or disability status.
Have the skills, the drive, and the passion to join the Scopic family?
Apply today to join our growing team of remote professionals from around the world.